feat: publish Helm chart to quay.io OCI registry (#251)
che-incubator/kubernetes-image-puller: deploy/helm/templates/NOTES.txt

kubernetes-image-puller has been deployed.

  Deployment: {{ .Values.deploymentName }}
  Namespace:  {{ .Release.Namespace }}

Check the status:

  kubectl get deployment {{ .Values.deploymentName }} -n {{ .Release.Namespace }}

> The image puller will create a DaemonSet to cache the configured images

Reviewer: Users who run `kubectl get daemonset` immediately after `helm install` will see nothing and may think the deployment failed - the DaemonSet is created by the controller after startup, not by Helm directly. Consider clarifying:

```suggestion
The image puller controller creates a DaemonSet to cache the configured images
on every node after startup - it may take a moment to appear. View the DaemonSet:
```

Author: Fixed — clarified that the DaemonSet is created by the controller after startup and may take a moment to appear.
